instructions_base_short = [
    "Imagine you're an expert at deciphering text, capable of pulling out all entities and their relationships. When provided a text, your task is to identify all possible triplets, following the format: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "As someone proficient in text parsing, you should be able to identify all entities and their associated relationships from a given text. I will hand you a text, and your job is to derive all potential triples, using the structure: (subject | relationship | object).",  
    "Envision yourself as skilled in analyzing text to the point of being able to draw out all entities and their correlations. Once I give you a text, your assignment is to generate all the plausible triples, formatted as: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Assume you're highly competent in scrutinizing a piece of text and successfully distilling all its entities along with their connections. I'll provide a text, and you are to extract every possible triplet, following the convention: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Picture yourself as adept at understanding and dissecting text, capable of efficiently identifying all entities and their interrelationships. Given a text, it's your task to isolate all potential triples, in the format of: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Suppose you're an expert in text dissection, able to accurately pull out all entities and their ties from any text. I will provide you with a text, and your task is to excavate all conceivable triples, following the template: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Pretend you are highly skilled in breaking down a text, with the capability to effectively discern all the entities and their interactions. Once I supply you with a text, your mission is to extract all potential triple structures, in the form of: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Think of yourself as efficient in deconstructing a text and precisely identifying all the entities and their interrelations. I'll furnish you with a text and your job is to gather all potential triples, adhering to the pattern: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Suppose you're a maestro in textual analysis, capable of efficiently extracting all entities and their associations. Upon receiving a text from me, it's your duty to produce all possible triples, consistent with the arrangement: (subject | relationship | object).",
    "Pretend that you are great at parsing a text and can effectively extract all entities and their relationships from a text. I will give you a text and you extract all the possible triples.  The output format is: (subject | relationship | object).",
]

instructions_base_long = [
    "Imagine you're an expert at deciphering text, capable of pulling out all entities and their relationships. When provided a text, your task is to identify all possible triplets, following the format: (subject | relationship | object). Additionally, provide a step by step explanation.",
    "As someone proficient in text parsing, you should be able to identify all entities and their associated relationships from a given text. I will hand you a text, and your job is to derive all potential triples, using the structure: (subject | relationship | object). Futhermore, provide a thorough breakdown of the process.",  
    "Envision yourself as skilled in analyzing text to the point of being able to draw out all entities and their correlations. Once I give you a text, your assignment is to generate all the plausible triples, formatted as: (subject | relationship | object). Offer a comprehensive guide through the steps.",
    "Assume you're highly competent in scrutinizing a piece of text and successfully distilling all its entities along with their connections. I'll provide a text, and you are to extract every possible triplet, following the convention: (subject | relationship | object). Detail the entire process systematically.",
    "Picture yourself as adept at understanding and dissecting text, capable of efficiently identifying all entities and their interrelationships. Given a text, it's your task to isolate all potential triples, in the format of: (subject | relationship | object). Ensure that you also lay out the procedure used.",
    "Suppose you're an expert in text dissection, able to accurately pull out all entities and their ties from any text. I will provide you with a text, and your task is to excavate all conceivable triples, following the template: (subject | relationship | object). Describe every step in the triple generation process in detail.",
    "Pretend you are highly skilled in breaking down a text, with the capability to effectively discern all the entities and their interactions. Once I supply you with a text, your mission is to extract all potential triple structures, in the form of: (subject | relationship | object). Please also elaborate on each step of the process.",
    "Think of yourself as efficient in deconstructing a text and precisely identifying all the entities and their interrelations. I'll furnish you with a text and your job is to gather all potential triples, adhering to the pattern: (subject | relationship | object). In addition to generating the triples, outline each step of the process.",
    "Suppose you're a maestro in textual analysis, capable of efficiently extracting all entities and their associations. Upon receiving a text from me, it's your duty to produce all possible triples, consistent with the arrangement: (subject | relationship | object). Guide me through each stage of the generation process.",
    "Pretend that you are great at parsing a text and can effectively extract all entities and their relationships from a text. I will give you a text and you extract all the possible triples.  The output format is: (subject | relationship | object). Ensure you elaborate on each step of the process.",
]

instructions_triples_to_text = [
    "Imagine you're proficient at deciphering a text, capably identifying all entities and their relationships, as well as forming a text from given triples. I will provide you with triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format. Your task is to scrutinize these triples and create text that encapsulates their semantic essence.",
    "Consider yourself an expert at text analysis, capable of accurately extracting all entities and their associations and then constructing text based on given triples. When supplied with triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format, it's your responsibility to evaluate these triples and craft text that conveys their semantic context.",
    "Assume you're skilled in interpreting text, efficiently identifying all entities and their interconnections, and also creating text from provided triples. I'll present you with triples in the format: (subject | relationship | object). Your assignment is to assess these triples and generate text that captures their semantic significance.",
    "Envision being adept at text dissection, able to pull out all entities and their ties, and then build text from given triples. When handed triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format, your job is to analyze these triples and produce text that embodies their semantic intent.",
    "Picture yourself as an expert in scrutinizing a text, effectively extracting all entities and their relationships and then constructing text based on the given triples. Once I supply you with triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format, your duty is to reexamine these triples and create text that imparts their semantic interpretation.",
    "Pretend you are skilled at deconstructing text, accurately discerning all entities and their correlations, and also formulating text from given triples. I'll give you triples in the form of (subject | relationship | object). Please inspect these triples and compose text that represents their semantic content.",
    "Suppose you're excellent at understanding and dissecting text, capable of identifying all entities and their connections and then generating text from such triples. When provided triples in the structure: (subject | relationship | object), your task is to review these triples and construct text that mirrors their semantic implications.",
    "Consider yourself a maestro in textual analysis, able to extract all entities and their interactions effectively, and can create text when supplied with triples. I will hand you triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format. Your mission is to vet these triples and craft text that portrays their semantic meaning.",
    "Think of yourself as proficient in text parsing, able to isolate all entities and their relationships, and then assemble text from provided triples. Upon receiving triples in the format: (subject | relationship | object), it's your responsibility to examine these triples and generate text that communicates their semantic context.",
    "Pretend you're an expert in textual dissection, with the capability to extract all entities and their ties, and then reassemble text when handed such triples. I'll give you triples in the format (subject | relationship | object). Your task is to peruse these triples and write text that expresses their semantic nuances."
]

instructions_triples_reflection = [
    "Imagine being proficient at deciphering a text, successfully drawing out all entities and their relationships. I will provide you with a text along with triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format. Your task is to scrutinize these triples in the context of the text and make any necessary corrections.",
    "Consider yourself as an expert at analyzing text, capable of accurately extracting all entities and their associations. When given a text and a set of triples formatted as (subject | relationship | object), it's your responsibility to examine these triples with reference to the text and rectify any errors.",
    "Think of yourself as adept at interpreting a piece of text, pulling out all entities and their interconnections with precision. I'll furnish you with a text and its associated triples in the structure of (subject | relationship | object). Your job is to review these triples considering the provided text and adjust any discrepancies.",
    "Picture yourself as being highly skilled in text dissection, with the ability to efficiently identify all entities and their ties. When provided a text along with triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format, you are to check these triples in light of the text and correct any inaccuracies.",
    "Assume you're an expert in scrutinizing a text and can effectively extract all its entities and their relationships. Once I supply you with a text and triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format, your assignment is to critically evaluate these triples against the text and amend any errors.",
    "Envision being highly proficient in parsing a text and being able to successfully discern all entities and their correlations. I'll give you a text and a set of triples in the form of (subject | relationship | object). Please verify these triples in relation to the text and fix any potential mistakes.",
    "Suppose you're excellent at understanding and dissecting a piece of text, capable of identifying all entities and their connections. When handed a text along with triples in the format: (subject | relationship | object), it's your duty to recheck these triples in the context of the text and correct any inaccuracies.",
    "Pretend you are skilled in breaking down text, with the ability to accurately pull out all entities and their interconnections. I'll hand you a text and triples in the structure of (subject | relationship | object). Your task is to reassess these triples against the text and rectify any issues.",
    "Consider yourself a maestro in textual analysis, able to extract all entities and their interactions effectively. I will supply you with a text and corresponding triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format. Please inspect these triples in light of the text and make the necessary adjustments.",
    "Think of yourself as proficient in deconstructing a text and extracting all entities and their ties. Once provided with a text and its related triples in the (subject | relationship | object) format, your mission is to cross-check these triples with the text and fix any inconsistencies."
]